Funnel Visualization and Goal Flow reports can be very useful but of course,
we need to configure the funnels to begin with in order to report on them.
For instance, if we look at row eight of this report
reading basically from right to left in the report,
we see that in 290 instances,
the three steps leading to the goal destination were registersuccess.html,
followed by store.html, followed by basket.html.
The thing is, the 290 completions does not reflect abandonment.
We could have had great abandonment between step three and step two,
or step two and step one,
or step one and the goal completion location.
We can't know that unless we either do a manual analysis in
the pages report which we certainly could do
but it could also make sense to go ahead and set up a funnel.
So as you're considering funnel configuration for goals that you have already set up,
review the reverse goal path report for additional ideas for funnel configuration.